Scale ratelimit with ingress pods (#5113)
nginxinc/kubernetes-ingress: docs/content/configuration/ingress-resources/advanced-configuration-with-annotations.md

|``nginx.org/limit-req-dry-run`` | N/A | Enables the dry run mode. In this mode, the rate limit is not actually applied, but the number of excessive requests is accounted as usual in the shared memory zone. | false | true |
|``nginx.org/limit-req-log-level`` | N/A | Sets the desired logging level for cases when the server refuses to process requests due to rate exceeding, or delays request processing. Allowed values are info, notice, warn or error. | error | info |
|``nginx.org/limit-req-reject-code`` | N/A | Sets the status code to return in response to rejected requests. Must fall into the range 400..599. | 429 | 503 |

> |``nginx.org/limit-req-scale`` | N/A | If set to true, the configured rate is divided by the number of nginx-ingress pods currently serving traffic. This maintains a constant rate-limit, even if the number of nginx-pods changes due to autoscaling. | false | true |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|``nginx.org/limit-req-scale`` | N/A | Enables a constant rate-limit by dividing the configured rate by the number of nginx-ingress pods currently serving traffic. This adjustment ensures that the rate-limit remains consistent, even as the number of nginx-pods fluctuates due to autoscaling. | false | true |
```
